docs(tracing): document HTTPPropagator in distributed tracing section (#9704)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/advanced_usage.rst

Distributed Tracing
-------------------

To trace requests across hosts, the spans on the secondary hosts must be linked together using the ddtrace :py:class:`HTTPPropagator <ddtrace.propagation.http.HTTPPropagator>`.

- On the server side, it means to read propagated attributes and set them to the active tracing context.
- On the client side, it means to propagate the attributes, commonly as a header/metadata.

Note that `ddtrace` makes use of lazy sampling, essentially making the sampling decision for a trace at the latest possible moment.

> This includes before making an outgoing request via HTTP, gRPC, or a DB call for any automatically instrumentedintegration.

Author: ```suggestion
This includes before making an outgoing request via HTTP, gRPC, or a DB call for any automatically instrumented integration.
```
